Mr. Shen, Shen Yun took the bait
Proceed as planned
Pretending to believe me on purpose
Let me steal documents on purpose
But attack the president
You were silenced and everyone watched you being taken away
I'm not going in
How can you pay for your crimes three years ago?
It has been handed over to the police.
You already planned
Shen Yue
Plead guilty
quarrel now
It's no longer useful.
Get out of here
As long as you let me play
I let you go
Shen Tinglan
I beg you I just want to avenge my parents
Never let him go of the creek
I can't lose you again
Shen Tianlan
In fact, I have long been in love with you
It's just that I've always felt
I don't deserve you
Just pretend I'm sorry for you
If there is a next life
Will not let us cover